here we removed the impeller see this
impeller bolts crying about flint and
soon began need to be drained first antifreeze
so that the blind is what the thing is done here
there is a tap on the block
he put on a rubber tube opened
cork radiator
put the veins flowing yet this is yours
Lanochka he flows ambassador in aluminum
gooseneck at the union these participants did
they have been silenced in this way and now
it turned out that it is harmful aluminum press
did not give using so that's it already
felix antifreeze and now proceed to withdraw
bombs
then removed my pump
After all, it's easy there and just 4 Gadget and
plus tensioner tensioners there problems
I burst it now I will go to you
will show
means about which the tensioner ish
problem
It's clear that's bursting necessary now
grinder in welding clean do
groove and brew that went in it now
Now, about pump and a little bit there
frustration here's a guy telling me there
it ain't no frustration that
rabbits here's an old pump from her
impeller slightly even steamed
mm more than the new items but
look here for
impeller see all processed no
no nothing like here if she water
through itself worth antifreeze
there is no turbulence
and in this pump in the new he see what
can do it and know nothing but
that's how logically it is on me
wrong you could walk but
This pump seems to be as it was Czech
Well there who knows but with a conical
Here is the problem, you only so
ok well if so leave us going
and on him and on everything else so i think
that everything is normal and you hear
old bad new
now she even gland pripyat himself
creaks squeaks
Well, such things gave laying on this
pump was also paper
and left her myself now you have it
I will insert a new gasket without
nothing without sealants without anything
well, I will continue to continue further
That means I show in other
tensioner like this I am his grinder
cleared now I will cook
by welding
here is our lever after swarovski yet
hot i see you buy anything
do not need everything and boil everything will be
cool all cleared grinder now
put it in its place and collect everything well
that's all arranged in place see
there what we brewed for
cleaned Bulgarian everything is fine everything
fine now i want to show
again i take the impeller
listen see all the knock stopped there
bearing still was like I thought well
now let's hope that we have this one
thing
nothing will prevent us from having a plan where
these surges from metal will all
ok well I will tell you about it
inform well here now I will pour antifreeze
and this is all like that pump
we changed to new meetings